-- ProblemSet<00>, November <27> <2018> 
-- Submission by <sowmiya.sivalingam@accenture.com>  



1)How does agile testing (development) methodology differ from other testing (development) methodologies?
          Agile methodology's main goal is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of buisness value which is not follwed by other methodologies.

2)What are the most important components of Agile?
    Epic
    Features
    User stories
    Tasks

3)What is difference between Epic,features, User stories & Tasks?
  Epic:The end product
  Features:The properties of the end product
  User stories: User requirements
  Tasks:The woek to be done

4)Explain what is a product backlog in Scrum
        The task which is yet to be started refers to product backlog.

5)What is Scrum Sprint?
       The time period given to provide the buisness value.Usaully 2 0r 4 weeks is consider as 1 sprint.

6)What are the artifacts of Scrum process?
        Product Backlog
  	Sprint Backlog
	Burn-Down Chart
	Increment

7)What do you understand by sprint backlog?
         The task in a sprint which is yet to be started refers to sprint backlog.

8)What is the role of the Product Owner?
        The role of product owner is to give the requirements to the buisness analysts in scrum team and measure their progress.

9)What are the different roles in Scrum
     Scrum master
     Product owner
     Scrum team

10)What are the responsibilities of a Scrum Master
          The responsibility of scrum  master is to connect with outer environment and provide the needs for their scrum team.

11)What are different ceremonies and their importance in Scrum?
        Stand up/scrum call
        Sprint/PI planing
	Sprint/PI demo
	Sprint/PI retrospective
	User Story growing
	Sprint Review

12)What is the difference between Sprint Planning Meeting and Sprint Retrospective Meeting?
   Sprint planning Meeting which is done on day 1 of the sprint regarding the planning of what to be done during the sprint.
   Sprint Retrospective Meeting is done on the last day of the sprint regarding what went well,what didnt and appreciations. 


13)What is the difference between agile & scrum
 Agile is a phyilosopy or methodology of SDLC where scrum is one of method to implement agile principles.

14)Explain Agile in 30 seconds.
	Agile is a phyilosopy where its primary goal is to create user value,buisness value by early and frequent feedback from the client.

15)What is the Daily Stand-Up?
     It is the scrum call where we update what we have done ,what have to be done and if any blockers to the client.






